2. Think about the following questions:
	a) What information is being illustrated in each visualization?

		1. For "Self-Description", the information being illustrated within this visual is a fraction of white ink and black ink within a pie chart, the amount of black ink by panel in a column chart, and the location of black ink within both the pie chart, the column chart, and an image of both the pie chart and column chart as well. 

		2. For "Lakes and Oceans", the depth of Earth's oceans and lakes, the depth in which scuba divers and free divers have dove, the depths in which animals have dove, and the depths in which the Titanic sank and submarines have dove is being illustrated within the comic. 

		3. For "Earth Temperature Timeline", this is illustrating the timeline of Earth's temperature dating back to 20,000 BCE while also having illustrations coupled with history facts as well that give some additional context to what was happening during that time.  

	b) What do you think is interesting or engaging about each of these examples?

		1. For "Self Description", I would say the options to change which mode you would like to see the charts in would be most engaging because the fraction of black and white ink does not change no matter which one you choose. 

		2. As for "Lakes and Oceans", I would say that not only showing the depths of the lakes and oceans on Earth is interesting because I know some information about the oceans and lakes, but to see a graph detailing what is currently known while also showing the depths in which animals, submarines, the Titanic, and even oil rigs have gone to is very interesting. 

		3. For "Earth Temperature Timeline", I found it to be much more funny and engaging with the humor because it did help me in having the information stick as I scrolled through it. It was especially interesting when I saw names and only names, like "Jesus" or "Muhammad" for example, and no other explanation. It was very funny and I was very engaged with the information as well, but I can attribute that to my love for history and comedy at the same time. 

	c) Each example uses a different visualization format. For each of them, why do you
think the author chose that format? How does the format support the information
being shared?

		1. For "Self Description", it was definitely helpful because it showed the amount of black and white ink within column and pie charts that did not change no matter how much you scaled and descaled the image. I feel as if the author chose this format to show that the values do not change even when the charts are placed together. 

		2. For "Lakes and Oceans", the visual was very helpful because not only was there a drawing for the depths of the ocean, but off to the left side of the visual there are numbers showing the depths as well to show you how deep certain areas are. I feel as if the author chose this format to help the reader with having an understanding of how deep the lakes and oceans are. 

		3. In "Earth Temperature Timeline", this was a good format to use because it's an actual timeline of how the temperature went from freezing down to the temperature we see today while having history facts in between to show events that occurred around that time, like "Jesus". I feel as if the author chose this format to make it a little more visually pleasing for the reader rather than just having it all written down in a text, which can be skimmed and then pushed away.  

	d) Did these examples make you think? Did they evoke any feelings from you?

		a. For the most part, they did make me think and I was able to retain some information from them as well that was very beneficial to me in a way that I found to be the most interesting and useful. 

	e) Which of these do you think tells the most compelling story? Why?

		a. I would say that "Earth Temperature Timeline" is the most compelling story because it had historical facts and showed how the temperature became what it is today. It was very interesting to read, especially when it detailed when the last of the mammoths went extinct as well, which was quite sad for me, but it was great storytelling and it was also factual as well. 